Errata print01-ch04-enumeration (#25)
jonhoo/rust-for-rustaceans.com: _errata/print01-ch04-enumeration.md

---
chapter: 4
page: 58
kind: typo
reporter: styvane
date: 2022-07-17
---

> In the third paragraph, "[...] to provide the caller with as much information about went wrong as possible."
> 
> It should probably say "[...] to provide the caller with as much information about "what" went wrong as possible."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second to last paragraph is missing the word "what". It should read:

 > … to provide the caller with as much information about **what** went wrong as possible.
```
